TINY-9587: Increase help dialog horizontal rule contrast in dark mode (#8471)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Templates will be parsed before preview and insertion to make preview consistent with inserted template content and prevent XSS. #TINY-9244
- Pressing backspace in an empty line now preserves formatting in a previous empty line. #TINY-9454
- Pressing enter inside the `inputfontsize` input would not move the focus back into the editor content. #TINY-9598

> - Help dialog horizontal rule now have a higher contrast in dark mode. #Tiny-9587

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved contrast of table borders within dialogs in the `oxide-dark` skin. #TINY-9587
```
This also affects the wordcount dialog, but should be more specific to the location of the change.

> - Improved contrast of table borders within dialogs in the `oxide-dark` skin. #TINY-9587

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved contrast of border colors against the background color throughout the UI. #TINY-9587
```
Now that the scope has changed
